c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MvvmScichartTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.g.resources
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.exe.config
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.exe
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.exe
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MvvmScichartTest.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\SeriesBindingView.baml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\SeriesBindingView.g.cs
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Presentation.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\ClientModel.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Presentation.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\ClientModel.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\MvvmScichartTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Examples.ExternalDependencies.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting3D.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.DirectX.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D10.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\obj\Debug\UI.csproj.MvvmScichartTest.exe.config
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\MvvmScichartTest\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
