c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\ClientModel.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\ClientModel.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.xml
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Examples.ExternalDependencies.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting3D.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.DirectX.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D10.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\fkwitond\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Presentation.pdb
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\ClientModel.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting3D.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.DirectX.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D10.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\ClientModel.pdb
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.xml
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.xml
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.xml
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.dll
C:\Users\fkwitond\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitHub\Backify\MvvmScichartTest\Presentation\obj\Debug\Presentation.pdb
